== Welcome to mHealth Example Loader

mHealth Example Loader is a small tool to help load example data into mHealth
accounts, as well as provide some example URLs to fetch data with. It uses the
omniauth-mhealth gem to get authorization, and the faraday gem to perform OAuth2
HTTP requests.

== Getting Started

1. Clone this project from github
       <tt>git clone https://github.com/bkerley/mhealth-example-loader.git</tt>

2. Change directory to <tt>mhealth-example-loader</tt>:
       <tt>cd mhealth-example-loader</tt>

3. Install dependencies:
       <tt>bundle install</tt>

4. Get OAuth2 credentials for mHealth at https://mhealth.att.com/dev/apps

5. Load the OAuth credentials into environment variables. For local development
   using rbenv, I put this in <tt>.rbenv-vars</tt>:
       <tt>MHEALTH_KEY=mhealth-example-loader-dev
           MHEALTH_SECRET=example-secret-dont-use-this</tt>

6. Start the app:
       <tt>rails server</tt>

7. Go to http://localhost:3000/ and you'll see:
       "mHealth Example Loader"

8. Follow the UI to load example data into your account. For more information on
   developing with mHealth, visit https://mhealth.att.com/hack

== Description of Contents

The default directory structure of a generated Ruby on Rails application:

  |-- app
  |   |-- assets
  |       |-- images
  |       |-- javascripts
  |       `-- stylesheets
  |   |-- controllers
  |   |-- helpers
  |   |-- mailers
  |   |-- models
  |   `-- views
  |       `-- layouts
  |-- config
  |   |-- environments
  |   |-- initializers
  |   `-- locales
  |-- db
  |-- doc
  |-- lib
  |   `-- tasks
  |-- log
  |-- public
  |-- script
  |-- test
  |   |-- fixtures
  |   |-- functional
  |   |-- integration
  |   |-- performance
  |   `-- unit
  |-- tmp
  |   |-- cache
  |   |-- pids
  |   |-- sessions
  |   `-- sockets
  `-- vendor
      |-- assets
          `-- stylesheets
      `-- plugins

app
  Holds all the code that's specific to this particular application.

app/assets
  Contains subdirectories for images, stylesheets, and JavaScript files.

app/controllers
  Holds controllers. authorization_controller receives credentials from
  omniauth and stores them in the session. samples_controller does the hard
  work of loading data in to mHealth.

app/models
  Holds mhealth_field, the very lonely model we use. It reads the metadata about
  what fields a given OAuth2 key has, and provides an easy way to generate
  sample values.

app/views
  Holds the template files for the views. I use HAML because I like it the best.

app/views/layouts
  Holds the template files for layouts to be used with views. I'm using Twitter
  Bootstrap.

app/helpers
  Holds a bunch of empty files and authorization_helper, which has a method that
  makes checkboxes.

config
  Configuration files for the Rails environment, the routing map, the database,
  and other dependencies.

config/initializers/omniauth.rb
  This is where I hook omniauth up to the rest of the app.

db
  Contains the database schema in schema.rb. db/migrate contains all the
  sequence of Migrations for your schema.

doc
  This directory is where your application documentation will be stored when
  generated using <tt>rake doc:app</tt>

lib
  Application specific libraries. Basically, any kind of custom code that
  doesn't belong under controllers, models, or helpers. This directory is in
  the load path.

public
  The directory available for the web server. Also contains the dispatchers and the
  default HTML files. This should be set as the DOCUMENT_ROOT of your web
  server.

script
  Helper scripts for automation and generation.

test
  Nothing of value because I've been bad!

vendor
  External libraries that the application depends on. Also includes the plugins
  subdirectory. If the app has frozen rails, those gems also go here, under
  vendor/rails/. This directory is in the load path.
